Zo “This is sooo cool. They made vibe servering into a product. Your own private cloud computer with AI.” Pieter Levels @levelsio “Personal OS, for everyone.” Ryo Lu Head of Design, Cursor “holy shit Zo Computer just clicked for me. absolutely sick. set up a Claude Skills MCP where I drop a link, Zo makes the skills, and hosts the MCP server. hugeee potential” Ian Kar @iankar_ “I use Zo to keep an eye on weekend weather → book daybed at pool clubs – proof that it can be used for anything.” Julian Connor Cofounder at Grailed “Using Zo Computer to make a site to track all my habits and aggregate everything I work on with various automation scripts. Zo is such a good UX.” Noah @noahgsolomon “Dude Zo is amazing. Took me a bit to grok it but I'm totally blown away now.” Cristian Ciblis Bernardes CEO at Autograph “I use Zo for a million things - from curating an email newsletter sent to me every day on VC/startup news, to building a database of my contacts I can query via API. The possibilities are so endless.” Becca Lewy Chief of Staff at Factorial “Zo gave me my first ever taste of what it must be like to be a builder and it was intoxicating.” Vrijen Attawar Founder at Careerspan “I've been meaning to set up an email automation AI agent for a long time and considered hiring someone to do it. But vibed it out with Zo in an hour. Nice.” Alex Staff Software Engineer at Groq “Zo, please organize all my files. Zo, do you like the persistent memory system you built? Zo, create a version of this for other Zo users. Zo, email me a copy of that. I freaking love Zo.” Kira @authentikkira “Honestly I am so blown away by the product. I've been trying every single AI product that makes sense for me. Got Manus as soon as it dropped. But they often fail to meet expectations. This is the first product that I don't feel that way about, at all.” Toreyan Clarke Marketing Lead at LTV “This is truly new and exciting.” Guillermo Rauch Vercel CEO “This is sooo cool. They made vibe servering into a product. Your own private cloud computer with AI.” Pieter Levels @levelsio “Personal OS, for everyone.” Ryo Lu Head of Design, Cursor “holy shit Zo Computer just clicked for me. absolutely sick. set up a Claude Skills MCP where I drop a link, Zo makes the skills, and hosts the MCP server. hugeee potential” Ian Kar @iankar_ “I use Zo to keep an eye on weekend weather → book daybed at pool clubs – proof that it can be used for anything.” Julian Connor Cofounder at Grailed “Using Zo Computer to make a site to track all my habits and aggregate everything I work on with various automation scripts. Zo is such a good UX.” Noah @noahgsolomon “Dude Zo is amazing. Took me a bit to grok it but I'm totally blown away now.” Cristian Ciblis Bernardes CEO at Autograph “I use Zo for a million things - from curating an email newsletter sent to me every day on VC/startup news, to building a database of my contacts I can query via API. The possibilities are so endless.” Becca Lewy Chief of Staff at Factorial “Zo gave me my first ever taste of what it must be like to be a builder and it was intoxicating.” Vrijen Attawar Founder at Careerspan “I've been meaning to set up an email automation AI agent for a long time and considered hiring someone to do it. But vibed it out with Zo in an hour. Nice.” Alex Staff Software Engineer at Groq “Zo, please organize all my files. Zo, do you like the persistent memory system you built? Zo, create a version of this for other Zo users. Zo, email me a copy of that. I freaking love Zo.” Kira @authentikkira “Honestly I am so blown away by the product. I've been trying every single AI product that makes sense for me. Got Manus as soon as it dropped. But they often fail to meet expectations. This is the first product that I don't feel that way about, at all.” Toreyan Clarke Marketing Lead at LTV “This is truly new and exciting.” Guillermo Rauch Vercel CEO Continue with Google Continue with email By signing in, you agree to our Terms of Service