MiniMax 2.7 & Kimi K2.5 are free on Zo Zo · Pricing About Newsletter Blog Resources Download Get started Back to Skills Run in Zo context7 Fetch up-to-date, version-specific library documentation and code examples from Context7. Use this skill whenever the user asks about a specific programming library, framework, or API, or when writing code that depends on a library. Replaces stale training-data knowledge with live docs. skeletorjs Context7 -- Live Library Documentation Pull current docs and code examples for any programming library directly into context. No more hallucinated APIs or outdated patterns. When to Use The user asks how to use a library, framework, or SDK (e.g. "how do I do X with Hono?") The user asks about a specific API, method, or configuration for a library You are writing or reviewing code that depends on an external library and need accurate API details The user says "use context7" explicitly The user asks about setup, installation, or configuration of a library How to Use The script is at context7.ts . Run with bun. Commands Search for a library: bun Skills/context7/scripts/context7.ts search "<library-name>" Copy Returns matching libraries with their Context7 IDs, descriptions, snippet counts, and quality scores. Pick the best match by name relevance, reputation, and benchmark score. Fetch docs for a specific query: bun Skills/context7/scripts/context7.ts docs <library-id> "<query>" Copy Returns documentation and code examples relevant to the query. Use the library ID from a search result. One-shot lookup (search + fetch docs): bun Skills/context7/scripts/context7.ts lookup "<library-name>" "<query>" --tokens 10000 Copy Resolves the library and fetches relevant docs in one step. This is the most common workflow. Options --tokens <n> -- Max tokens of documentation to return (default: 10000). Use lower values (3000-5000) for focused questions, higher (10000-15000) for broad exploration. --api-key <key> -- Override the CONTEXT7_API_KEY environment variable. Workflow User asks about a library -> run lookup with the library name and their question Read the returned docs and code examples Use them to give an accurate, up-to-date answer or write correct code If lookup picks the wrong library, use search first to find the right ID, then docs Tips For well-known libraries, lookup usually picks the right one automatically If multiple versions exist, mention the version in your query: lookup "next.js" "app router next.js 14" Prefer library IDs from official sources (higher reputation/benchmark scores) Cache results mentally within a conversation; don't re-fetch the same docs repeatedly Preview - Open in Zo to view the full skill. PRODUCT Documentation Blog Newsletter Comparisons Pricing Skills Integrations Channels Models Product Updates INFORMATION FAQ Careers Brand Terms Privacy Help Center Contact Security COMMUNITY Discord LinkedIn X @zocomputer YouTube Testimonials Ambassadors Merch Zo Computer Company