MiniMax 2.7 & Kimi K2.5 are free on Zo Zo · Pricing About Newsletter Blog Resources Download Get started Powerful AI in your personal cloud Runs 24/7, even while you sleep Books meetings & manages your email Builds apps and websites in minutes Text it like a friend, or use the app Go YOUR COMPUTER IN THE CLOUD Always Online Zo is your personal cloud computer. Ask it to build projects, run automations, and text you updates, whether you're at your desk or asleep. Unified Everything you need, all in one secure place you control. No more SaaS lock-in. No more jumping between tools. Organize your digital life with Zo. Personal Cloud Leverage AI in a powerful workspace with built-in cloud storage, AI tools, and hosting - all in your own personal cloud. PEOPLE LOVE ZO Discord Customer Testimonials This is sooo cool. They made vibe servering into a product. Your own private cloud computer with AI. Pieter Levels, @levelsio Personal OS, for everyone. Ryo Lu, Head of Design, Cursor holy shit Zo Computer just clicked for me. absolutely sick. set up a Claude Skills MCP where I drop a link, Zo makes the skills, and hosts the MCP server. hugeee potential Ian Kar, @iankar_ I use Zo to keep an eye on weekend weather → book daybed at pool clubs – proof that it can be used for anything. Julian Connor, Cofounder at Grailed Using Zo Computer to make a site to track all my habits and aggregate everything I work on with various automation scripts. Zo is such a good UX. Noah, @noahgsolomon Dude Zo is amazing. Took me a bit to grok it but I'm totally blown away now. Cristian Ciblis Bernardes, CEO at Autograph I use Zo for a million things - from curating an email newsletter sent to me every day on VC/startup news, to building a database of my contacts I can query via API. The possibilities are so endless. Becca Lewy, Chief of Staff at Factorial Zo gave me my first ever taste of what it must be like to be a builder and it was intoxicating. Vrijen Attawar, Founder at Careerspan I've been meaning to set up an email automation AI agent for a long time and considered hiring someone to do it. But vibed it out with Zo in an hour. Nice. Alex, Staff Software Engineer at Groq Zo, please organize all my files. Zo, do you like the persistent memory system you built? Zo, create a version of this for other Zo users. Zo, email me a copy of that. I freaking love Zo. Kira, @authentikkira Honestly I am so blown away by the product. I've been trying every single AI product that makes sense for me. Got Manus as soon as it dropped. But they often fail to meet expectations. This is the first product that I don't feel that way about, at all. Toreyan Clarke, Marketing Lead at LTV This is truly new and exciting. Guillermo Rauch, Vercel CEO Zo is not another AI app. It's an AI computer. It's a bold idea to reinvent the personal computer. This is the iPhone moment for servers. Aditya Agrawal, @adityaag I think the approach is genius. Right now the main interface for AI is chat. What if the chat interface is now empowered to be your personal computer? But it's in the cloud and designed to your specific needs. And designed to build on itself. Nick DeJesus, @dayhaysoos I love this and have always wanted it. Sunil Pai, Cloudflare I had a magical experience where I had a file I wanted to check while I was out and I was able to text to get the answer. Luke Miller, Ex-OpenAI Product The most evolved version of Notion would be Zo. Sean Thielen, Innovation at Complex This is the notebook I've kind of been dreaming of. Jesse Spevack, Software Engineer at Stripe “This is sooo cool. They made vibe servering into a product. Your own private cloud computer with AI.” Pieter Levels @levelsio 727 “Personal OS, for everyone.” Ryo Lu Head of Design, Cursor 210 “holy shit Zo Computer just clicked for me. absolutely sick. set up a Claude Skills MCP where I drop a link, Zo makes the skills, and hosts the MCP server. hugeee potential” Ian Kar @iankar_ “I use Zo to keep an eye on weekend weather → book daybed at pool clubs – proof that it can be used for anything.” Julian Connor Cofounder at Grailed “Using Zo Computer to make a site to track all my habits and aggregate everything I work on with various automation scripts. Zo is such a good UX.” Noah @noahgsolomon 30 “Dude Zo is amazing. Took me a bit to grok it but I'm totally blown away now.” Cristian Ciblis Bernardes CEO at Autograph WHAT YOUR ZO CAN DO YouTube Post on X for me Powerful AI, with all your context Choose from all the top AI models, or bring your own API keys. Works with all your files: PDFs, spreadsheets, and more. Update my website with the new pricing and feature details from the PDF in my files. Done. I pulled the PDF details, updated the website copy, and drafted the changes for review. Ready to chat, wherever you are Text Zo instructions while you're on the go. Build projects, do research, or access your files. Ask Zo over iMessage, SMS, or Telegram. Works with everything you use Connect Google, Notion, Dropbox, Linear, Spotify, Airtable, Telegram and more - dozens of built-in integrations. Or ask Zo to integrate with any API. Watch video Build anything with AI Create anything – from automations to dashboards to full apps. Host anything in your own personal cloud. No external services needed - it's all built-in. BATTERIES INCLUDED Tools Let's Zo. Get started Generate image Send text message Send email Search the web Read webpage Search Google Maps nearby Create reminder Connect GitHub Organize folder Convert file Create persona Write a report Run prompt Save article Shuffle FAQ View all FAQs What AI models are available on Zo? What kinds of files are supported? Can I use Zo for cloud storage, like Google Drive or Dropbox? What if the AI messes up my computer? Can I back it up and restore it? How can I get involved with the Zo community? PRODUCT Documentation Blog Newsletter Comparisons Pricing Skills Integrations Channels Models Product Updates INFORMATION FAQ Careers Brand Terms Privacy Help Center Contact Security COMMUNITY Discord LinkedIn X @zocomputer YouTube Testimonials Ambassadors Merch Zo Computer Company