MiniMax 2.7 & Kimi K2.5 are free on Zo Zo · Pricing About Newsletter Blog Resources Download Get started Back to Skills Run in Zo theme-factory Toolkit for styling artifacts with a theme. These artifacts can be slides, docs, reportings, HTML landing pages, etc. There are 10 pre-set themes with colors/fonts that you can apply to any artifact that has been creating, or can generate a new theme on-the-fly. Anthropic Theme Factory Skill This skill provides a curated collection of professional font and color themes themes, each with carefully selected color palettes and font pairings. Once a theme is chosen, it can be applied to any artifact. Purpose To apply consistent, professional styling to presentation slide decks, use this skill. Each theme includes: A cohesive color palette with hex codes Complementary font pairings for headers and body text A distinct visual identity suitable for different contexts and audiences Usage Instructions To apply styling to a slide deck or other artifact: Show the theme showcase: Display the theme-showcase.pdf file to allow users to see all available themes visually. Do not make any modifications to it; simply show the file for viewing. Ask for their choice: Ask which theme to apply to the deck Wait for selection: Get explicit confirmation about the chosen theme Apply the theme: Once a theme has been chosen, apply the selected theme's colors and fonts to the deck/artifact Themes Available The following 10 themes are available, each showcased in theme-showcase.pdf : Ocean Depths - Professional and calming maritime theme Sunset Boulevard - Warm and vibrant sunset colors Forest Canopy - Natural and grounded earth tones Modern Minimalist - Clean and contemporary grayscale Golden Hour - Rich and warm autumnal palette Arctic Frost - Cool and crisp winter-inspired theme Desert Rose - Soft and sophisticated dusty tones Tech Innovation - Bold and modern tech aesthetic Botanical Garden - Fresh and organic garden colors Midnight Galaxy - Dramatic and cosmic deep tones Theme Details Each theme is defined in the themes/ directory with complete specifications including: Cohesive color palette with hex codes Complementary font pairings for headers and body text Distinct visual identity suitable for different contexts and audiences Application Process After a preferred theme is selected: Read the corresponding theme file from the themes/ directory Apply the specified colors and fonts consistently throughout the deck Ensure proper contrast and readability Maintain the theme's visual identity across all slides Create your Own Theme To handle cases where none of the existing themes work for an artifact, create a custom theme. Based on provided inputs, generate a new theme similar to the ones above. Give the theme a similar name describing what the font/color combinations represent. Use any basic description provided to choose appropriate colors/fonts. After generating the theme, show it for review and verification. Following that, apply the theme as described above. Preview - Open in Zo to view the full skill. PRODUCT Documentation Blog Newsletter Comparisons Pricing Skills Integrations Channels Models Product Updates INFORMATION FAQ Careers Brand Terms Privacy Help Center Contact Security COMMUNITY Discord LinkedIn X @zocomputer YouTube Testimonials Ambassadors Merch Zo Computer Company