MiniMax 2.7 & Kimi K2.5 are free on Zo Zo · Pricing About Newsletter Blog Resources Download Get started FAQ Common questions about Zo Computer Basics BASICS What AI models are available on Zo? On Zo, you can choose between all the leading AI models. Zo includes: A large selection of language models – which can use all of Zo's tools to help you get things done. Built-in models for transcription (converting speech in audio files to text), image generation, and video generation. We rigorously evaluate models to ensure we offer the best models in each modality (with a preference for providers that are both fast and high-quality). You can also bring your own API key to use models directly from providers like OpenAI, Anthropic, Cerebras, Groq, and more. What kinds of files are supported? Zo works with most file formats, including notes, spreadsheets, code, word documents, audio and video files, images, PDFs, and Ebooks. If a file can't be edited directly in the file browser, you can ask Zo to edit or convert the file in the chat. Because Zo has full access to the computer and can install tools as needed, you may be surprised by what Zo is able to handle. Can I use Zo for cloud storage, like Google Drive or Dropbox? Yes! All Zo users – including those on the free plan – get 100GB of storage on their personal server. You can also connect your existing Google Drive or Dropbox to import and sync files. What if the AI messes up my computer? Can I back it up and restore it? Yes – we perform regular "snapshots" of your computer, storing the entire state of your computer at a point in time. On the Zo System page, you can restore your computer to any point in time. How can I get involved with the Zo community? If you're excited about building on Zo and spreading the word, apply to be a Zo Ambassador. If you're accepted, we'll grant you AI credits, sponsor events, and help you spread the word. Do I need to be technical or know how to code to use Zo? Nope – Zo is made for everyone. Our mission is to enable non-technical people to do more with computers, bridging the gap between experts and novices. Zo lets anyone collaborate with AI to build personal software and tools. What does an AI computer look like? Zo is infinitely customizable. You can choose from a variety of themes to change the look and feel of your Zo. You can customize your AI with rules, personas, prompts, and automated agents. You can even ask Zo to build custom apps that incorporate your files, programs, and AI. What's the pricing model for this AI cloud computer? Zo is free to try, with limits on your computer and AI usage. When you subscribe to a plan, you'll get an always-on cloud computer and monthly AI credits. Usage beyond your monthly AI credit allotment is charged to you at-cost, using the same rates we pay our underlying AI model providers. Other AI apps mediate your interaction with AI models to fit their subscription economics. We never downgrade performance or route to cheaper providers. Because we charge for usage at-cost, you immediately benefit from AI price drops as AI efficiency improves. Comparisons COMPARISONS How is Zo different from AI apps like ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, or Perplexity? Zo is a fully-featured AI workspace that lets you chat with all the leading AI models alongside your files. It's much easier to stay organized when using Zo because you can create folders, summarize AI conversations into notes, ask AI to write and run code, and even host websites and services. You can also reach Zo from anywhere via text, email, or Telegram. For a deeper side-by-side breakdown, see How is Zo different from AI apps like ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, or Perplexity?. How does Zo compare to no-code automation tools like Zapier or n8n? Zapier and n8n are automation tools that let you build workflows using a visual, node-based programming interface. n8n is open-source and self-hostable, which means you can run it on your Zo Computer. Our Prompt Library includes a prompt to install n8n. Zo provides an interface for building workflows using natural language – English, or your language of choice. You can create "Prompts" for your Zo by just writing them in plain text, referencing other files, Zo's tools, and other prompts. Many of the same automations you can build in tools like Zapier or n8n are easy to build in Zo, and the ceiling of what you can accomplish is much higher. We also have dedicated comparison pages for Zapier alternatives and n8n alternatives. How does Zo compare to other AI coding tools like Lovable, Replit, Bolt, or v0? Web-based vibe coding sites like Lovable, Replit, Bolt, and v0 are excellent for building prototype UIs, landing pages, and simple websites. However, these tools are: Oriented around "projects". It isn't easy to share context between multiple projects, or incorporate context from your other files. Focused on building websites. But the world of programming is much larger than just websites! Lock you into their "cookie-cutter" way of building software on their platform, which is often more complex than necessary. Many apps and websites can be built using much simpler technologies and less code. Zo is the best place to build personal software and tools. It's different because: Projects built on Zo can interact with the files and programs on your computer, incorporating context from all your projects. Your personal apps can also interact with your AI using an internal API, enabling you to build custom interfaces for any workflow you can imagine. Zo sites come with technology choices that are much more simple and minimal than other tools. For example, rather than using a full-fledged database provider, you can simply store data to a file on your server. Zo is designed to be a general-purpose computing environment, not just a website builder. You can build scripts, automations, data analysis environments, even self-host open-source software... On Zo, the whole world of computing is your oyster. For more detail, see our pages on Lovable alternatives and Replit alternatives. How is Zo different from AI-enabled browsers like Dia, Comet, ChatGPT Atlas, or Claude for Chrome? Zo is a dedicated computer for AI. Giving AI unconstrained access to a dedicated cloud computer is a powerful paradigm. Our approach is safer than giving AI full access to your own computer or your browser, because you have more control over what you are giving your AI access to as you build your AI system. On Zo, your AI has access to its own browser, which you can use to sign into sites you want Zo to access. You can also read our dedicated comparison of Zo vs Dia, Comet, and AI browsers. Can Zo be used as a notetaking and second-brain app, similar to Notion, Obsidian, or MyMind? Many Zo users use Zo as a "second-brain", collecting and collaborating on notes with AI. Zo is more powerful than notetaking-focused apps because it's a general-purpose computing environment. You can use Zo to create and edit all kinds of files, write and run code, build automations, and even host websites and services. You can easily connect Zo to your Notion, Google Drive, or Dropbox using our built-in integrations. For other services that provide a developer API, you can ask Zo to help you build a custom integration. By setting up file syncing, you can access local files on your computer in your Zo workspace. This enables integrating your Zo with your Obsidian notes, or any other app that stores its data locally on your computer. If you want a direct comparison, start with Zo vs Notion AI, Zo vs Obsidian, or Zo vs MyMind. Technical TECHNICAL Does Zo support MCP? How do I integrate something Zo doesn't support? In addition to built-in integrations with Notion, Google Calendar, Gmail, and more, Zo can build its own integration with many apps, tools, and services. Zo can research the web to find the best way to integrate any service, write code to build the integration, and walk you through the process of getting developer credentials. Zo will build custom integrations as Agent Skills. This approach enables similar "AI plugin" functionality to MCP, but is much more flexible and powerful. You can also use the Zo MCP Server to power up any AI that supports MCP with Zo's tools and context. There's a whole universe of software out there, and with Zo's help, you can explore and leverage any of it to do practically anything on your Zo Computer. The only limit is your imagination – and your determination. Where is the physical server? What are the specs? Instances of your Zo computer moves around based on capacity. In general placements are in the USA. In the future, we will locate servers as close as we can to your primary physical location. You can learn more about our server specifications on our pricing page. How is my data stored on Zo? Zo uses a unique architecture where your data is primarily stored on your own personal server. We intentionally choose non-proprietary file formats and open-source technologies for all of the components behind Zo. The Zo application, AI memories, and many of the internal services powering your Zo experience are hosted on your server. We snapshot your computer regularly, which means you can always roll back to a previous version, or download your entire computer as a container image. PRODUCT Documentation Blog Newsletter Comparisons Pricing Skills Integrations Channels Models Product Updates INFORMATION FAQ Careers Brand Terms Privacy Help Center Contact Security COMMUNITY Discord LinkedIn X @zocomputer YouTube Testimonials Ambassadors Merch Zo Computer Company